# isds2024

Git repo for the summer school course, Introduction to Social Data Science, at
the Faculty for Social Sciences at University of Copenhagen (Summer 2024), see
webpage [here](https://isdsucph.github.io/isds2024/).

Previous versions of the course material can be seen here:
[2016](https://github.com/sebastianbarfort/sds_summer),
[2017](https://github.com/abjer/sds2017), [2018](https://github.com/abjer/sds),
[2019](https://github.com/abjer/sds2019),
[2020](https://github.com/abjer/isds2020),
[2021](https://github.com/isdsucph/isds2021),
[2022](https://github.com/isdsucph/isds2022),
[2023](https://isdsucph.github.io/isds2023/).
Note that in 2016 the summer school was run mainly by Sebastian Barfort
teaching in R and the 2017-2022 course was run by Andreas Bjerre-Nielsen using
Python.

## License

This project is released under the MIT License, which basically lets you do
anything you want with my code as long as you provide attribution back to me
and donâ€™t hold me liable.

### MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Hjalte Fejerskov Boas

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
